Add radxa zero3 support (#15)
RadxaYuntian/mraa: docs/radxa_zero3.md

> Radxa ZERO3 {#_Radxa}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Radxa ZERO 3 {#_Radxa}
```

=====================

> The Radxa ZERO 3W/3E is an ultra-small, high-performance single board computer based on the Rockchip RK3566, with a compact form factor and rich interfaces.
> Tailored for a diverse user base including manufacturers, IoT developers, hobbyists, and PC DIY enthusiasts, the 
> 
> Radxa ZERO 3W/3E is an ultra-small, versatile platform that can be used for a wide variety of applications, including IoT devices, machine learning edge computing, home automation, education, and entertainment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Radxa ZERO 3 is an ultra-small, versatile platform that can be used for a wide variety of applications, including IoT devices, machine learning edge computing, home automation, education, and entertainment.
```
开始胡言乱语了

> The ZERO 3W and ZERO 3E are basically the same size and model, but differ only in storage and network interfaces. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ZERO 3W and ZERO 3E differ only in storage and network interfaces. 
```

Pin Mapping
-----------

> The Radxa Zero3 40-pin headers' pinout is compatible with the [Radxa ROCK 3C 40-pin headers' pinout](./radxa_rock_3c.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Radxa ZERO 3's GPIO pinout is compatible with the [Radxa ROCK 3C](./radxa_rock_3c.md).
```
然后下面还是复制一份
